# django_webframework_login_page
hey , guys it's kathir here im a b.tech student in RMK . i did this project in my first sem. its all about user-authentication and password protection any website might need this to make it more secure and increase their website's user counts. im a python(django) developer and also skilled in mysql. you can just copy paste this. HAPPY CODING GUYS!!!
just download the main_django_webframework and template and web_login_application and manage.py and db.sqlite3 and ignore actual_user_input folder because that's not updated yet just follow my instructions here it will work fine...
make sure to use a virtual environment and then make sure to install django and mysqlclient in your virtualenvironment using pip install django and pip install mysqlclient 
and after copying all the files to your computer open visual studio code im suggesting this because you can open multiple terminals at once . open a folder where all your copied files are then open a terminal by pressing ctrl + shift + ` on your keyboard and then open command prompt because some operations performed on powershell will return some errors and then create a virtual environment by python -m "your virtualenv name" . after this you will see a new folder being created and after this copy paste the path on where the "your virtualenv name" is created and paste that on your terminal on VS code then add a copied path/Scripts/activate to activate this venv after creating your venv go to your folder where you have downloaded manage.py and db.sqlite3 files and other files have been downloaded then after going to that by this command cd <downloaded files path> then run this command python manage.py makemigrations and python manage.py migrate and python manage.py runserver one by one soo here's the thing if u want to really store in username and database visit main_django_webframework/settings.py and then go to databases = [] where i gave the comments read that properly then change the username and password and port number where ur mysql server is listening to. you should also create a database and name ur database and then copy paste the name in database list where i specified with comments. if you have any queries with this project
however after python manage.py runserver you should go to 127.0.0.1:8000 page to see the website.
please put your problem in kathirvel994062@gmail.com so i can solve this problem.
